Teach Teach Teach us, us, us, Teach Kunundo Teach
Kunundo Teach Kunundo us, us, us, Teach Kunundo Teach
Kunundo Teach Kunundo n do n do n do us, us, us, Teach
Ku nu Teach Ku nu Teach Ku nu Surprise!
n do n do n do n do n do n do do n do n do n
Teach us, Kunudon!
By upholding our principles of high-growth education,
we provide the ideal environment for drawing out burgeoning potential.
Hi, everybody! It's me, Kunudon!
Kunudon-sama!
The students with the best grades at Kunugigaoka Academy are entitled to a fantastic privilege:
Vested interest!
Three days and two nights at a luxury summer school in always-summery Okinawa!
Official passports!
Boost Your Concentration in the Open Air!
The school pays for the hotel and everything that goes with it.
Students can study to their hearts' content!
Sheer debauchery! Yay!
What? What do you mean, the E Class is going?!
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ki ri
tsu rei lock
on ki ki
ri tsu rei
lock on ki
ri ki ri
ri tsu ri
tsu tsu
rei tsu
rei rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on Stand, bow, lock on!
on on ki
ki ri tsu
rei lock on
ki ki ri
tsu rei lock
on ki ri
ki ri ri
tsu ri
tsu tsu
rei tsu
rei rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
on on oh
oh yeah oh
oh yeah
yeah The target is our teacher!
The target is our teacher!
yeah yeah
sen sei tar
get on sen
sei tar get
on sen
sen sen
sei sen
sei sei
tar sei
tar tar
get tar
get get
on get
on on on
We've got a lot of potential po
po ten ti
al ta ka
i po po
ten ti al
ta ka i
po ten po
ten ten
ti ten
ti ti al
ti al al
ta al ta
ta ka ta
ka ka i
ka i
It's just that we're not trying i
i ho ho
do men do
ku sa i
ho ho do
men do ku
sa i ho
do ho do
do men do
men men
do men
do do ku
do ku ku
sa ku sa
sa i sa
i We had that dropouts' mentality
We had that dropouts' mentality i
i drop drop
out men tal
i ty drop
drop out
men tal i
ty drop out
drop out
out men
men tal
tal i tal
i i ty
i ty
No matter the unusual situation we were in
ty ty hi
ni chi jou
wo ryo u
ga sh i
hi ni chi
jou wo ryo
u ga sh
i hi hi
hi ni hi
ni ni chi
ni chi
chi jou
jou wo jou
wo wo ryo
wo ryo
ryo u ryo
u u ga
u ga ga
sh ga sh
sh i sh
i We pretended to doze off
We pretended to doze off i
i bo ku
ra wa u
ta ta ne
ga o shi
te bo ku
ra wa u
ta ta ne
ga o shi
te bo bo
bo ku bo
ku ku ra
ku ra ra
wa ra wa
wa u wa
u u ta
u ta ta
ta ta ta
ta ne ta
ne ne ga
ne ga ga
o ga o
o shi o
shi shi
te shi
te While holding on to a hidden knife
While holding on to a hidden knife te
te knife
ka ku
shi mo
tta knife
ka ku
shi mo
tta knife
knife knife
ka knife
ka ka
ku ka
ku ku
shi ku
shi shi
mo shi
mo mo
tta mo
tta Stand, bow, lock on!
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ki ri
ri tsu
tsu rei
rei lock
tta tta
Thinking someone would deal with you eventually
ho ho
tto ke
ba ki
tto da
re ka
ya tte
ku re
ru to
ho ho
tto ke
ba ki
tto da
re ka
ya tte
ku re
ru to
lock on
ho tto
on on
tto ke
ke ba
ba ki
ki tto
tto da
da re
re ka
ka ka
ya ya
ya tte
tte ku
ku re
re ru
ru to
We didn't really feel invested in the job
to to
do ko ka
ta ni n
go to da
tta do ko
ka ta ni
n go to
da tta do
do do ko
do ko ko
ka ko ka
ka ta ka
ta ta ni
ta ni ni
n ni n
n go n
go go to
go to to
da to da
da tta da
tta But now But now tta
tta da da
ke do da
da ke do
da ke da
ke ke do
ke do do
do
Teacher, teach us, we're still growing up
mis mis ter
teach er o
shi e te
mi kan se
i na bo
ku ra mis
mis ter
teach er o
shi e te
mi kan se
i na bo
ku ra mis
ter mis
ter ter
teach ter
teach teach
er teach
er er o
er o o
shi o
shi shi e
shi e e
te e te
te mi te
mi mi kan
mi kan
kan se kan
se se i
se i i
na i na
na bo na
bo bo ku
bo ku ku
ra ku ra
Will we be able to shoot through an invincible target like you?
ra ra a
na ta to
iu fu ra
ku no tar
get u chi
nu ke ru
de sho u
ka a na
ta to iu
fu ra ku
no tar get
u chi nu
ke ru de
sho u ka
a a a
na a na
na ta na
ta ta to
ta to to
iu to iu
iu fu iu
fu fu ra
fu ra ra
ku ra ku
ku no ku
no no tar
no tar
tar get
get u get
u u chi
u chi chi
nu chi
nu nu ke
nu ke ke
ru ke ru
ru de ru
de de sho
de sho
sho u sho
u u ka
u ka
Stand, bow, lock on!
As long as we challenge you, it's fifty-fifty
ka ka i
i do
mu ka
gi ri
ka no
u sei
wa half
and half
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on i
i do
mu ka
gi ri
ka no
u sei
wa half
and half
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on i
do i
do ki
ri ki
ri do
mu ri
tsu do
tsu mu
ka mu
ka tsu
rei tsu
rei ka
gi ka
gi gi
ri gi
ri rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on ri
ri ka
ka ka
no ka
no on
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ri no
u no
u ri
tsu ri
tsu u
sei u
sei sei
wa sei
wa tsu
rei tsu
rei wa
half wa
half rei
lock rei
lock half
and half
and and
half and
half lock
on lock
on
Teacher, watch us, as we try to find a direction in life
half half
on on
mis mis ter
teach er mi
te i te
ma yo i
o oki bo
ku ra mis
mis ter
teach er mi
te i te
ma yo i
o oki bo
ku ra mis
ter mis
ter ter
teach ter
teach teach
er teach
er er mi
er mi mi
te mi te
te i te
i i te
i te te
ma te ma
ma yo ma
yo yo i
yo i i
o i o
o oki o
oki oki
bo oki
bo bo ku
bo ku ku
ra ku ra
We're studying our ass off for you more than anybody else
ra ra da
da re yo
ri mo a
na ta no
ta me ni
mo u be
n kyo u
chuu sa da
da re yo
ri mo a
na ta no
ta me ni
mo u be
n kyo u
chuu sa da
re da re
re yo re
yo yo ri
yo ri ri
mo ri mo
mo a mo
a a na
a na na
ta na ta
ta no ta
no no ta
no ta ta
me ta me
me ni me
ni ni mo
ni mo mo
u mo u
u be u
be be n
be n n
kyo n
kyo kyo u
kyo u u
chuu u
chuu chuu
sa chuu
sa ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on Stand, bow, lock on!
Stand, bow, lock on!
Only the bloodlust is our message to you
sa sa
tsu i
da ke
ga a
na ta
e no
mess age
sa sa
tsu i
da ke
ga a
na ta
e no
mess age
ki ri
sa tsu
ri tsu
tsu i
i da
tsu rei
da ke
ke ga
rei lock
lock on
on on
ga ga
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
a a
a na
ki ri
ri tsu
na ta
ta e
tsu rei
e no
no mess
rei lock
mess age
lock on
We'll make our dreams come true on our own for real
age age
ji ji
ri ki
ga chi
de ho
n gan
i ku
yo ji
ji ri
ki ga
chi de
ho n
gan i
ku yo
on on
ji ri
ri ki
ki ga
ga chi
chi de
de ho
ho n
n gan
gan i
i ku
ku yo
A revolution!
yo yo
re re vol
u tion re
re vol u
tion re vol
re vol
vol u vol
u u tion
u tion Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
tion tion oh
oh yeah oh
yeah oh
yeah yeah
yeah The target is our teacher!
The target is our teacher!
sen sen sei
tar get on
sen sen
sei tar get
on sen sei
sen sei
sei tar
tar get
get on get
on on on
Episode Island Time
Whoa, just look at 'em all!
Summer vacation had begun...
and with it came our freedom!
Or so you'd think.
Why are we here at school?
Well... I don't want people to see me out catching bugs at my age.
But I've always wanted to do this, and I never got a chance in the city.
Plus, Karma happened to point me to a tree with some good bugs on it.
Though I didn't expect you to come, Maehara.
Never pegged you as an insect fan.
Our next assassination's at that island resort, right?
Wouldn't you say we're missing a little something?
Like what?
Money!
You need buying power if you're gonna snag yourself a swimsuited babe!
That runt won't do the trick, but a giant stag beetle?
Those babies'll net you tens of thousands of yen!
Auction 'em off online for major cashola,
and we'll make at least enough to cover a fancy dinner and a place to chill out!
I think he's forgotten what this trip's all about.
Yeah. That wasn't your average fifteen-year-old's vacation plans.
That won't work!
Giant stag beetles're old and busted.
Kurahashi!
Morning! You're here to scrape up some spending money too, huh?
Hey, what do you mean, stag beetles are old and busted?
Well...
I guess they were super valuable right around when we were born,
but today's artificial breeding methods have saturated the market,
bringing their prices way down.
You mean the beetle bubble burst?!
I figured one beetle would make around enough to cover one babe...
No way. These days, babes are way more expensive.
You sure know a lot about this, Kurahashi. Are you into bugs?
Yep! Along with every other living thing!
Hey, since we're all here... Let's all go bug-hunting!
We're bound to find tons if we all try!
The innocent and genuine Kurahashi-san
knows an insane amount about living creatures.
Just the right helping hand for a bunch of crass-ish guys to have around.
Mmm. Pretty nice haul.
Whoa! Did you set this?
It's a home-made trap of mine.
I put it out last night.
Let ferment for 1-2 days
There are about twenty more of them out there,
so that's about a thousand yen for each of us if we're lucky!
Not too shabby for a side job!
I hope we caught the one I was looking for!
What an inefficient trap.
And you call yourselves the E Class?
Okajima!
Pulling in a measly thousand yen at a time? Yeah, right.
My trap'll bring in a cool ten billion!
Ten billion... You don't mean—
Oh, but I do.
If we're planning an assassination on this tropical isle,
that octopus is bound to let his guard down in the meantime.
And that's what I'm after!
Stag Stag Stag Stag Stag
Stag All right! Here we go!
He went right for my porno trap!
Wow. When do you see the speedy Korosensei too absorbed in reading to make the slightest movement?
That one must be right up his alley.
And what's with the stag beetle getup?
Is he trying to blend in? That's just sad.
Every mountain has one: the smut stash.
The kids who find their dreams there grow old enough to buy their own porn mags
and then leave behind dreams for someone else to find.
Please dispose of recyclables responsibly as per your local council's arrangements.
It's a place filled with neverending dreams.
I'm glad you're here! Lend me a hand!
We'll use our porn power to give him a dream he'll never wake up from!
We seem to have reached maximum crassitude.
I did some major research into his top turn-ons, y'know.
Can't buy the stuff myself, but I found a few.
Wouldn't he like anything with big boobs?
In real life, sure.
A hit But dirty magazines are dreams.
Everyone looks for their ideal in those pages.
A miss.
For photos and manga alike, the tiniest difference gets a whole 'nother response.
Photos a hit, setup doesn't sit well
That's amazing, Okajima-kun. So for the last month,
you've been placing different kinds of porn and carefully observing his reactions?
What kind of grown-up would spend a whole month picking up abandoned porn mags?
That's just sad.
It's just like your traps, Kurahashi.
You need to work out ways to attract your prey for long periods of time, right?
Yeah.
I've got a dirty mind.
If you wanna hate me for it, go on ahead.
But it's only because I'm a super-lech that I know:
Pornography can save the world.
How did he make that sound so cool?!
I'll get him, all right!
Under all that porn is a net strung with anti-teacher BB pellets!
He's buried in that mag right now. We can nab him for sure!
Someone cut this rope and trigger the trap.
I'll jump in there and finish him off!
Anything can be a sword if you polish it enough.
Okajima-kun's porn-sword might just run Korosensei through.
Bwoop!
Wh-What the... His eyes just went all "bwoop"!
I don't have any data on that face!
What kind of porn does that signify?!
Stag Stag Stag Stag Stag
There you are!
Stag Stag
A Miyama stag beetle.
And look at that eye color!
Are they white, Korosensei?
Ah, Kurahashi-san!
Indeed they are!
Wow! Just what I've been looking for!
Yes, right here on this mountain!
Oh, man! And we were so close!
Miyama stag! Miyama stag! Yay!
I don't know what they're so happy about,
but a giant stag beetle and a junior-high girl jumping around on all that porn?
That's one hell of a sight.
Mortifying! How super-duper mortifying!
I'm so ashamed. Such behavior is unbecoming of an educator.
I knew there was a trap under all this porn,
but with each magazine more to my taste than the last,
I couldn't resist!
He saw right through it.
So what's the big deal, Kurahashi?
That's a Miyama stag beetle, right?
In games and stuff, they sell for way less than a giant stag.
Miyamas've been selling for more lately.
They're still hard to breed.
One this size could fetch twenty thousand.
Twenty thousand?!
Plus, take a good look at his eyes.
They're usually black, but these are white.
I taught you about albinism in biology class, right?
Oh, yeah... Like the super-rare creatures born pure white?
Yes, and albino stag beetles are only white in the eyes.
A natural-born Miyama white-eye, as they're known, is extremely rare.
Why, this even has academic value.
You could sell this for hundreds of thousands of yen, easy.
Hundreds?!
I told Korosensei I was hoping I could see one someday,
and he said he'd use his zoom eyes to find one for me!
Okay, you lowlifes: whoever wants this baby, raise your hand!
Me!
What to do, what to do?
I was the one who caught it!
In killing, in porn, in living things:
summer vacation is full of learning and discoveries.
One more week until our assassination vacation to that tropical island.
Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus
Old Campus
One more week until our assassination vacation to that tropical island.
We'd gotten together to train for it and put our plans in order.
Well, well! I see you little brats are working up a good sweat,
summer vacation notwithstanding.
You should train too, Bitch-sensei.
Your gun and knife skills aren't that much better than ours.
Grownups are sneaky.
I'll just hitch a ride on your strategy and take the best parts for myself.
You think you're a big shot, huh, Irina?
L-Lovro-sensei!
He's here as a special instructor for the summer.
He'll give us tips on our strategy from a pro's perspective.
Spend one day resting, and your fingers and arms forget about killing.
If you don't want to flunk out, hurry and get changed!
Yes, sir!
Even Bitch-sensei can't say no to him.
Yeah, well, he's one scary dude.
Thank you for your assistance.
To make matters worse,
I lost contact with the assassins who'd shown the most promise.
Were they scared off, knowing that even the pros had failed?
Perhaps.
Now all we can do is leave it up to them.
In any case, am I correct in understanding that he is absent today?
Yes. He'd had a trip to Everest planned,
so he's there now, beating the heat.
Good. A confidential strategy is essential for an assassination.
Karuizawa? If you're serious, you'll go to Mt. Everest! To the peak!
I see.
First, we destroy the seven promised tentacles,
then the entire class immediately jumps in to finish him off.
So far, so good...
But what's this very first step: "psychological warfare"?
First we throw him off, blunting his moves.
Psychological Warfare
Strategy Planning Document 1
m -150 -150 b -67.5 -232.5 67.5 -232.5 150 -150 232.5 -67.5 232.5 67.5 150 150 69 232.5 -67.5 232.5 -150 150 -232.5 67.5 -232.5 -67.5 -150 -150
Secret Secret
Korosensei was scavenging for dirty magazines earlier.
Stag Stag Stag Stag Stag
Stag Stag Stag
Just don't tell your classmates, all right?
Stag Stag
So he paid each of us off with an ice pop.
As if that'd be enough to keep our mouths shut in this day and age!
The entire class will be ganging up and picking on him!
First we'll corner him with that blackmail material... and more.
A brutal assassination method indeed.
But the key is that final, killing blow.
Pinpoint timing and accurate aim will be crucial.
Are you worried about this class' firepower?
Quite the opposite. Those two in particular are outstanding.
Chiba Ryuunosuke.
He excels at spatial calculations.
As a long-distance sniper, he's second to none.
Hayami Rinka has a nice balance of dexterous fingers and kinetic visual acuity.
She's a soldier who's well equipped to take down a moving target.
Neither is very assertive.
They're the professional type, so their results do the talking.
I would even take them for my own students.
The others are at a respectable level as well.
Good job identifying and nurturing their talents in such a short time.
I see plenty of potential here.
See how your aim has stabilized?
Some shoot better cross-legged than with one knee up.
Yes, sir!
Now that's a pro!
You seem to be having trouble keeping pace with others.
Don't force yourself. Instead, go for a firing style that suits you.
I wanted to ask him something,
this man who knew everything about being an assassin...
Lovro-san?
This boy...
Yes?
What's the very best assassin like?
On closer inspection, he has what it takes.
And what's more...
So you're interested in the world of assassins, eh?
Oh, uh, th-that's not why I...
Well, there's only one person on this planet
who can be called the very best assassin.
As is often the case in this line of work, no one knows his real name.
They know him by a single alias.
Namely:
"The Reaper."
Elusive, incomparably cold-blooded, and with piles of bodies in his wake,
he is known as Death himself.
If you keep having trouble killing your target...
the Reaper will show up sooner or later.
If someone like that might be coming, we can't let this island chance pass us by!
Very well, young man.
I shall teach you a deadly technique.
Deadly?
Yes: a move guaranteed to kill, from this pro assassin to you.
After that, our tropical-island assassination tour began in earnest.
Not a boat... Anything but a boat!
Everything in my head is going to spill right out!
Korosensei's Weak Point #8:
Prone to motion sickness
Oh! Get up, Korosensei, get up! You can see it now!
Six hours from Tokyo!
The place where we'll kill Korosensei!
The island!
Welcome to the Fukuma Resort Hotel!
Please enjoy this tropical juice with our compliments.
Man, this is the life!
Everything's just so bright and vibrant!
We can go directly to the beach from the hotel.
Looks like they have plenty of leisure activities available, too.
We'll save the you-know-what till after dinner.
First, let's have some fun, Korosensei!
In groups, like we did on our school trip!
I'm all for it. Play hard, kill hard!
That's what makes this an assassination vacation!
Hey, why's that one glider going so fast?
There's no way he should be able to pull off a turn that sharp followed by a barrel roll!
No fair, Korosensei!
The power difference here is just way too great!
Maximum instantaneous velocity measured at 150 kilometers per hour.
With a fighter jet, it all comes down to the engine.
Who's that supposed to be?
Horikoshi Jirou.
No, that's the guy who voiced him!
Too hard!
Besides, he didn't fly 'em, he just built 'em!
It's just all wrong!
Group 1 is doing a good job of throwing him off.
They sure are—and with a little assassination in the mix.
They're trying not to draw his attention to the other groups.
Yeah.
We're up next! Let's do what we have to do and get changed ASAP!
Got it!
We make it look like we're having fun, but we're dead serious.
We give the place a good once-over
to see if we can kill him according to plan.
What kind of pattern is that, Korosensei?
A sunburn. Only the frontmost point of the glider was shading me.
Now, Group 4 is going dolphin-watching, yes?
Yep! In a boat, though. Is that okay?
Sea-rtainly!
While one group hangs out with Korosensei,
the rest work on their preparations.
Where's Korosensei?
Touring deep-sea caves with Group 3.
No way he can see us here.
Then we're free to pick out our sniper spots.
Let's make it quick.
Those two sure are cool customers.
They already feel like total pros.
Wh-What the hell?
The beach is utterly deserted!
The last guest just left.
The E Class has rented out the hotel and its environs.
You know that's overkill!
Why does this happen every time I step out in a swimsuit?!
This is one large-scale assassination plan—the biggest one yet.
So far, it's gone off without a hitch.
C'mon, Karasuma. I want to bewitch someone!
C'mooon!
The only thing left to worry about...
H-Hey, wait—
Look at you, taking charge!
We might be alone with each other, but I wasn't expect—
What was that for?!
There's something I need to ask you, Irina.
You, the pro assassin, said it yourself:
it's not often that your work goes as expected.
Yes, that's right. I saw the documents.
Chances are a complex plan like this will go off the rails once or twice.
Do I look like I'm just having fun here?
I'm gunning for my share of the spoils, of course.
I'll get my opportunity when the brats' plan goes awry—
and I won't let it get away.
I just hope the assassination goes smoothly.
Phew! What fun that was!
No wonder I'm so tanned!
That's beyond tanned!
Even your teeth are tanned.
So much for picking up on your expressions.
All right, Korosensei, after dinner comes the assassination.
Yes, yes. First, the shipboard restaurant!
Hasn't that octopus had enough fun for one day?
Meanwhile, we got to pretend to have fun while we got everythin' ready!
Well, if we kill him today, we can just enjoy ourselves tomorrow.
I guess. Let's put in some effort and finish the job!
Here we are,
at the shipboard restaurant we've rented out.
Let's slowly savor our meal as we take in the night sea.
I get it.
First you'll get me good and seasick to weaken my capabilities, eh?
Of course. That's Assassination 101.
You're so right.
But will it really work that well?
Seasickness is no match for a teacher who's all pumped up anticipating an assassination—
You're too dark!
Am I really that dark?
Forget your expression, we can't even tell front from back!
It's too confusing. Do something about it, would you?
Have you forgotten, students?
I can molt—and in so doing, shed this dark skin!
There! Back to normal.
That's your once-a-month molt!
Just another of its uses.
I tend to save it for particularly sticky situations, but...
What an idiot, hobbling himself before an assassination!
That's right: just once a month.
How have we not been able to kill this screw-up yet?
I guess at least you can see my expressions now.
We'd spent all summer doing special training in preparation for this day.
Everything was in place.
This time... This time, our blades would reach him.
All right, Korosensei. Dinner's over.
Here's where we're meeting.
A floating chapel, away from the hotel.
Take a seat, Korosensei.
There's nowhere for you to run here.
It'll be a fun assassination.
We'll start with a movie.
Your intelligence, your inventiveness, and your earnest efforts...
Those are what I most look forward to.
I expect a no-holds-barred assassination!
The sun shines The sun shines ta i yo u ga sa su ta i
yo u ga sa su ta ta ta i ta i i yo i yo yo u yo u u ga
u ga ga sa ga sa sa su sa su su su
On the back of my closed eyelids to za shi ta ma bu ta
no u ra ga wa ni to za shi ta ma bu ta no u ra ga wa
ni to to to za to za za shi za shi shi ta shi ta ta ma
ta ma ma bu ma bu bu ta bu ta ta no ta no no u no u u
ra u ra ra ga ra ga ga wa ga wa wa ni wa ni ni ni
I see red afterimages I see red afterimages a ka i zan
zo u a ka i zan zo u a a a ka a ka ka i ka i i zan i
zan zan zo zan zo zo u zo u u u
With a notebook and a pen in my leather bag ka ka wa
no ka ban ni no o to to pen wo ka ka wa no ka ban ni
no o to to pen wo ka wa ka wa wa no wa no no ka no ka
ka ban ka ban ban ni ban ni ni no ni no no o no o o to
o to to to to to to pen to pen pen wo pen wo wo wo
I go for a walk I go for a walk sa a a ru ki da so u
sa a a ru ki da so u sa sa sa a sa a a a a a a ru a ru
ru ki ru ki ki da ki da da so da so so u so u u u
I keep drawing, but I can't get it to look pretty ka i
te mo ka i te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka i te mo ka i
te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka ka ka i ka i i te i te
te mo te mo mo ka mo ka ka i ka i i te i te te mo te
mo mo ki mo ki ki re ki re re i re i i ni i ni ni na
ni na na ra na ra ra na ra na na i na i
My choice of colors is not to blame i e ra n da e no
gu ni tsu mi wa na i i e ra n da e no gu ni tsu mi wa
na i e e e ra e ra ra n ra n n da n da da e da e e no
e no no gu no gu gu ni gu ni ni tsu ni tsu tsu mi tsu
mi mi wa mi wa wa na wa na na i na i i i
I still remember the shooting star I saw last night ki
no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi ma da o bo e
te i ru ki no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi
ma da o bo e te i ru ki ki ki no ki no no u no u u no
u no no yo no yo yo na yo na na ka na ka ka ni ka ni
ni mi ni mi mi ta mi ta ta na ta na na ga na ga ga re
ga re re bo re bo bo shi bo shi shi ma shi ma ma da ma
da da o da o o bo o bo bo e bo e e te e te te i te i i
ru i ru ru I I was wait ing for... ru I I was wait ing
for... I was I was was wait was wait wait ing wait ing
ing for... ing for... for... for...
He llo, shoot ing star He llo, shoot ing star He He He
llo, He llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing
ing star ing star star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga
in star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga in He llo, He
llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing ing
star, ing star, star, a star, a a ga a ga ga in ga in
in in I was waiting I was waiting ma tte i ta yo ma
tte i ta yo ma ma ma tte ma tte tte i tte i i ta i ta
ta yo ta yo The girl of many dreams
The girl of many dreams yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko
wa zu tto yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko wa zu tto yu me
yu me me wo me wo wo mi wo mi mi ru mi ru ru a ru a a
no a no no ko no ko ko wa ko wa wa zu wa zu zu tto zu
tto tto tto
Is always here Is always here ko ko ni i ru no ko ko
ni i ru no ko ko ko ko ko ko ko ni ko ni ni i ni i i
ru i ru ru no ru no no no
Just like you did that day Just like you did that day
a no hi no ma ma a no hi no ma ma a a a no a no no hi
no hi hi no hi no no ma no ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
Shine again Shine again ma ma ta hi ka tte ma ma ta hi
ka tte ma ta ma ta ta hi ta hi hi ka hi ka ka tte ka
tte tte tte
Ne xt Ep iso de
Foreign rhinoceros beetles and stag beetles have become widely sold in Japan
after a ban on their import was lifted in '99.
They could wipe out native species if released into the wild.
In fact, Kurahashi-san, atlas beetles were found in Hokkaido in 2003!
Episode Action Time
Next time on Assassination Classroom: Action Time.